title: 'Lmo Kodak'
content2:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Lmo Kodak is the Studio Director in charge of bookkeeping at the <a href="{{ link:f11e7dfe-76ab-446f-a48f-74d1927be263 }}">Fertile Crescent Telephone Co.</a>, although it''s unclear how much he actually contributes to the venture. He is notorious for having spent most of his first-year budget on a swimming pool behind the studio, where he now spends many hours shirtless, under an umbrella, reading poetry.</p><p>He is also an active participant of the local <a href="{{ link:b2ada0f6-27c5-4b6a-8ab9-f0aeb22620fc }}">Transcendentalist Union</a>.</p><h2>Military History</h2><p>At the age of 14, Lmo Kodak joined the <a href="{{ link:1df41bab-f2d4-43ee-94c5-2b87d8a28bd1 }}">Sohndu Bay</a> Naval Reserves'' 295th Batallion where he served in various functional positions for 42 years. After 10 years as Private 3rd Class, Mr. Kodak was promoted to Private 2nd class where he remained for another 11 years. At the age of 35, the 295th Batallion was deployed to <a href="{{ link:08a963ee-2d7f-41de-ae66-c58989d206cb }}">Moktavia</a> to support <a href="{{ link:19f9bb44-f12d-406d-a8f8-556e3bd0da07 }}">King James</a> in the harassment of the <a href="{{ link:142bf2a7-4628-4176-950b-3ddf6ce545b8 }}">Bishop of Maraschino</a>.</p><p>After returning from the front lines, Lmo was given a 4F discharge and joined the <a href="{{ link:8e2e83ac-f973-459a-abea-bc00b2a7e441 }}">Wonderful Land</a> Engineer Corps as a land surveyor. He was the wealthiest citizen in Wonderful Land County for 9 months. By the time he purchased the Fertile Crescent Telephone Co. from <a href="{{ link:0361ef61-5370-44a1-bab3-25ba31271a26 }}">Ray Wister</a> in 1990, he had been retired from public service for 2 years.</p><h2>Love Life</h2><p>Married to <a href="{{ link:a062f987-9889-47ed-903d-50db01218fc1 }}">Suzi Ochikubo</a>, who he met during a contemplative, solitary walk along <a href="{{ link:6fa2c4a3-5f18-4d71-89ea-f4c244bc42c5 }}">St. Morello Inlet</a> when he was stationed in Sohndu Bay.</p>'
images: 'https://thiseveningsshow.s3.amazonaws.com/wiki/lmo-kodak.png'
author: 7328c14f-7ec2-4511-a24d-29a1c5ce23eb
import_id: 30dc92fb-4956-479b-a43c-99fdf4ce4837
id: 84f21787-8ae1-4668-85f5-57b2cdde150b
tags:
  - people
