title: 'Wonderful Land'
article:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Wonderful Land is a state in&nbsp;<a href="{{ link:dc7de195-c92c-47ee-a9d0-891b64bac5d3 }}">Del Daurin</a>&nbsp;that contains such cities as&nbsp;<a href="{{ link:e2efd9a8-737d-4901-9759-c6a2b0b6890f }}">Librari</a>,&nbsp;<a href="{{ link:3e664a00-7574-44aa-970b-fff26a06d4f4 }}">Monorail City</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a href="{{ link:20e35b3a-534f-42e6-a402-597d774ecc5a }}">Adobe Skyscraper</a>.<br>Not to be confused with the&nbsp;<a href="{{ link:ab88e8b7-d01f-4e04-b595-302d64f2a044 }}">Wonderful Land Wonderful Band</a>, which takes its name from this selfsame state.</p><p>Back in the 1970’s, if you lived in the state of Wonderful Land or supported the thought of living in Wonderful Land, you probably owned a coffee mug or a T-shirt with this logo:</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: 'https://thiseveningsshow.s3.amazonaws.com/wiki/i-live-in-wl-web.png'
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>This was, of course, in response to the negative publicity that the state of Wonderful Land received for not allowing free use of their monorail system for patrons of the Good Neighbor Games, which were being staged in the neighboring <a href="{{ link:97cbcb3e-2a24-404f-8b95-9a46d7f18e1e }}">unincorporated territory</a>. Most of that negativity has subsided since then, probably since the Good Neighbor Games were a dismal failure and generally considered a terrible idea in hindsight, but that’s a story for another time. Right now, the story is the great state of Wonderful Land; 5th (or 6th) state to join the nation of <a href="{{ link:dc7de195-c92c-47ee-a9d0-891b64bac5d3 }}">Del Daurin</a> Greater, a land rich with history, geography, people, and monorails.</p><p>Before Wonderful Land agreed to statehood as a part of Del Daurin Greater, it was a dynamic interchange of private kingdoms, land ownership cooperatives, and wilderness persons. This region was probably best known as the cradle (and grave) of the <a href="{{ link:e135d8ec-1f86-4f4d-a42e-ae5a29861c49 }}">Vaz Chapa</a> civilization, which dwelled in the <a href="{{ link:4594b182-2faa-42ed-89e8-3b77db887772 }}">Modal Desert</a> that covers the majority of the state. The Vaz Chapa are widely believed to be the oldest civilization on Del Daurin, but they died out thousands of years ago. These days, all that is left of them is their gigantic trapezoidal tombs and the creature (or device?) that built them.</p><p>Wonderful Land officially became a state of Del Daurin on April 10, 1956. The state name was decided by popular vote, narrowly beating out Modem State. (Coincidently, there is now a university west of the city of <a href="{{ link:e2efd9a8-737d-4901-9759-c6a2b0b6890f }}">Librari</a> called Modem State. They have a strong industrial arts program.) The flag for the state of Wonderful Land looks like this:</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: 'https://thiseveningsshow.s3.amazonaws.com/wiki/wl-flag-web.png'
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>It was designed by Mary Enziming, a 4th grade student in Adobe Skyscraper, as part of a state curriculum creativity assignment. Her explanation of the flag reads:</p><blockquote><p>The mountains stand for Multiple Mountain, which is special to the state. The star represents <a href="{{ link:f9db479f-2199-4bb1-9b10-3192dea730ce }}">St. Tsonga Island</a>, which is large and important for learning and university. The blue represents the sea, the yellow represents the Modal Desert, and the green represents the living things like trees and people and other animals.</p></blockquote>'
author: 7328c14f-7ec2-4511-a24d-29a1c5ce23eb
import_id: 30dc92fb-4956-479b-a43c-99fdf4ce4837
id: 8e2e83ac-f973-459a-abea-bc00b2a7e441
tags:
  - places
